Things to Do / Problems That need to be solved 


1. Work On Recognizing Card 
    Potentially - Create a Blank Card, and Super impose the Icons (Suit / Value) into the correct locations. 

2. This would need to work to identify both Card, Value, Deck, Mults. Then Generate Stats of the Results of what would be the best idea. 
3. Identify Number of Cards in Deck. 
    This is an issue that would need to be able to be tracked since the beginning.
    All Decks are Generated Statically (Except Two)
    Keep a Grasp on Number of Cards, then when adding new cards add this to the overall list (Based Upon the Deck), then using that can generate stats. 


4. How to Generate Training Data (See 1)
    As mentioned in 1, the solution would be to generate cards (Blank Cards, Potentially DIfferent Types of Cards (See the Different Card Types))

5. Generate the Masks for each card to then pull what would be needed from them
    Needed this for 
    1. Suits
    2. Seals
    3. Card Value (2 - 10, J, Q, K, A)


6. Should I Add an additional role / input which would create the images to train based upon the sizing of the Game? Because this will effect how this is done. 
    - Could potentially start a max ratio , then just scale it down based upon the images that are being used, so 1980 x 1980 would then scale down based upon what they
    end up using 
    - Could also just make one for each and then just reference them with an idnetifier / or just path based upon the ratio ? (would be more work) 
        - Could use this as a proof of concept 





Things Solved / Working On 
1. July 1st - 31st 
    - Got the Images / References 
    - Generated the Images / Seals 
    - Created a Function / method to get the specific subsets of the cards when new things are added 
    - Generate methods to create the ending's needed 


2. August 1st - ? 
    - Working on Generating the template / blank card for placing the Values, Suits, Seals (then creating a method to make the txt files) 
    - 
